README.md, before:

# pixi_rocker



## Continuous Integration Status

[![Ci](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/blooop/pixi_rocker/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=Y212GW1PG6)](https://codecov.io/gh/blooop/pixi_rocker)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/blooop/pixi_rocker.svg)](https://GitHub.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/issues/)
[![GitHub pull-requests merged](https://badgen.net/github/merged-prs/blooop/pixi_rocker)](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/pulls?q=is%3Amerged)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/blooop/pixi_rocker.svg)](https://GitHub.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/releases/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/blooop/pixi_rocker
)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.11%20%7C%203.12-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![Pixi Badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prefix-dev/pixi/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://pixi.sh)

## Intro

This is a [rocker](https://github.com/tfoote/rocker) extension for adding [pixi](https://pixi.sh) to a docker container.

### But Why??

The most common question I get is is why would you need to use pixi in docker as pixi is already taking care of your environment for you.  Unfortunatly there are some packages/configuation that pixi is not able to handle yet and so one way of handling that is managing those dependencies/configuration in docker and leave the the rest up to pixi. 

Another benefit of pixi in docker is that you are more isolated from your host machine and have more flexibillty to make changes withour worrying about conflicting with other projects. 

## Installation

```
pip install pixi-rocker
```

## Usage

To install pixi in a container use the --pixi flag

```
rocker --pixi ubuntu:latest
```

Commit message:

add: justification for vscode containers

README.md, after:

# pixi_rocker



## Continuous Integration Status

[![Ci](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/blooop/pixi_rocker/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=Y212GW1PG6)](https://codecov.io/gh/blooop/pixi_rocker)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/blooop/pixi_rocker.svg)](https://GitHub.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/issues/)
[![GitHub pull-requests merged](https://badgen.net/github/merged-prs/blooop/pixi_rocker)](https://github.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/pulls?q=is%3Amerged)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/blooop/pixi_rocker.svg)](https://GitHub.com/blooop/pixi_rocker/releases/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/blooop/pixi_rocker
)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.11%20%7C%203.12-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![Pixi Badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prefix-dev/pixi/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://pixi.sh)

## Intro

This is a [rocker](https://github.com/tfoote/rocker) extension for adding [pixi](https://pixi.sh) to a docker container.

### But Why??

The most common question I get is is why would you need to use pixi in docker as pixi is already taking care of your environment for you.  Unfortunatly there are some packages/configuation that pixi is not able to handle yet and so one way of handling that is managing those dependencies/configuration in docker and leave the the rest up to pixi. 

Another benefit of pixi in docker is that you are more isolated from your host machine and have more flexibillty to make changes withour worrying about conflicting with other projects. 

If you use vscode to attached to your development container it makes it easier to set up specific extensions for each project that don't need to be installed globally. 

## Installation

```
pip install pixi-rocker
```

## Usage

To install pixi in a container use the --pixi flag

```
rocker --pixi ubuntu:22.04
```
